I saw this so I bought it let's see how
much I can live I'm renting this place
so let's not destroy the floors 2 and
1/2 lb 15 yep and now
25 we are good to go just going to put
the 15 on to make it 40 lb 40 lb this is
probably too big of a jump but I'm just
going to add another 25 on all right 65
lb let's see oh that's definitely harder
but still easy toss in another 15 all
right now this is 80 lb oh oh oh I'm
starting to struggle I need more weight
another big jump this is 25 don't know
if I can lift
105 105 here we
go oh I'll try
left oh does that count I think it
lifted I didn't lock out though oh oh
I'm going to rest for a little bit and
then I'm going to try that again maybe
some liquid chalk would help I wasn't
paying attention when I bought it and
apparently this is for pole dancers just
needs to dry out dry out dry out and
look at
that like
wait let's go should I go up another 5
lb the answer is yes we go till we
can't okay left
hand it literally doesn't even move all
right rolly thingy limit 105 for me oh
no who stay flexy